Hello again! This is the solution to exercise 67.
So this exercise asked you to use this dictionary
and prompt the user to enter a word and then you'd use this dictionary to translate that word
from English to Portuguese.
However in this exercise I also asked you to return a message when the word was not in the dictionary
and to implement that's you want to use a try and accept statement.
So what this does is it tries this statement and if it doesn't get an error it doesn't execute these other
statements, but it just goes to the next lines.
So it will print out the translation for that word.
However if there is an error the script will not break.
So Python will try these.
And if this happens to have an error, then Python will go to this line and it will return
that word does not exist.
Now you see this key error here.
This is one of the error types in Python.
And you can also choose to not include that.
So you just say except if there is any type of error occurring in the code.
And then Python will go and execute this line, this message.
So let me try this.
Python 67. Enter word, random word and It says the word does not exist.
However it's advisable to actually mention the error name explicitly.
This is good to have the key error explicitly there because you have more control on, as programmer you have
more control on what's happening with your script.
So you know what errors you're getting there.
So it's recommended to enter the type of the error here explicitly.
I hope this was clear.
Ask questions if you like and I'll talk to you later.